- really or should we say have a seat
mom so no doubt you guys are like me you
saw the release of Sarina in that great
yellow bathing suit last week and when I
saw it all I could think of was gosh why
couldn't she have waited till we said on
stage forehead I was very selfish I know
so I asked you about that picture and
you said nobody was supposed to see that
picture what do you mean well actually
it was an accident I was on vacation -
taking some time for myself and I have
this thing why I've been you know
checking my my status and taking
pictures every week to see how far along
I'm going and sharing it with friends
maybe no actually I've just been saving
it and I didn't really tell a lot of
people to be quite honest and I've been
saving it and you know social media is
you press the wrong button in there at
what so 30 minutes later I get my phone
this doesn't ring them like in 30
minutes later I miss like four calls and
I'm like that's weird and then I picked
it up and I was like oh no so but it was
a good moment I was going to wait
literally just a five or six more days
of that's okay
I know because it was weird to me
because it only said 20 weeks yeah so
it's not like there was a whole lot of
information on exactly so that's not
been doing all this time I've been just
tracking it 18:19 every week I just take
a picture and save it and I've been so
good about it and this is the one time
that it just there you go I clip that
was congratulate okay yo thank you it
really is okay when you heard the news
were you excited were you afraid were
you worried that you were pregnant I
mean so I heard it I'm two weeks two
days before the office the beginning of
the Australian Open which is one of the
biggest grand so I had two days before
yeah so long days before and I knew I
was nervous I wasn't quite sure what to
think but I just knew that that moment
it was really important for me to just
focus right there at the Australian Open
and you know I was definitely not sure
what you know to do is why can i play
you know I know
it's very dangerous maybe sometimes in
the first 12 weeks of yeah had a lot of
questions but not only did you play miss
Williams you won how long did you play a
lot may I just say 23 Grand Slams to you
thank you I'll practice while pregnant
you're digging for another handicap yes
or no did you play differently that game
knowing you were pregnant I did it
wasn't very easy you hear all these
stories about people when they're
pregnant they get sick and you know they
have you had many attacks I know I've
been so fortunate and so I haven't so
but they get really tired and they get
really you know stressed out and I had
to really take all that energy put it in
a paper bag so to say and throw it away
because I really felt like I didn't have
time to deal with any extra emotions any
extra anything because pregnant or not
no one knew and I was supposed to win
that tournament as I am every term is
that I show up I am expected to win and
if I don't win it's actually much bigger
noon yeah when you don't win that's a
big story yeah for me I had to really
take anything negative and any emotions
that I was feeling at that point and
kind of just just bottle them up and
really figure out what the next step for
me to do was no you listen you have a
lot of support you have a lot of love
even I was coming here people stopped me
at the airport I was saying the flight
attend the pilot guess where I'm going
is that oh my god was so glad she
explained it but then you always had
these cranky Yankees on the way over
here somebody was telling me about
ilie Nastase who said some very unkind
inappropriate dare I say racial things
you have responded to him what did you
say I'm not even going to dignify what
he said but you wanted why did you
respond well I think they were very
inappropriate comments oh not only that
I am I've been really supportive of my
peers and the people that I worked with
for I've been a pro for almost 20 years
and so for me it's really important to
hold women up and it's something that
these young women they'll come to the
locker room they'll want to take
pictures with
and for me it's just like I want to be
able to be a good leader and a good
example for them so not only not only
does he have roofing say about me and my
peers I thought it was important for us
to stand up for each other and stand up
for myself and at that point it was
really important for me to say like I'm
not afraid I'm not I'm not going
anywhere but it's you know this isn't
appropriate and there's a time there's a
place for everything and that really
wasn't the time in the place we caught
the part where you said you're not going
anywhere because you'll be 36 in
September babies coming through attics
you know and your coach said age is
always important but in tennis it's very
important but he has no doubt that
you're coming back have you thought am i
coming back will I take some time off I
know the women on the tour saying how
long does it take every baby
veterinarian will she be gone well no
and I have to speak defy the odds you
know so for me everything is really
mental and I definitely plan on coming
back I'm not done yet I am I'm really
inspired by my sister she's a year older
than me and that's something that if
she's still playing I know I can play
and there's so many projects better
argues a little bit older than me and
he's still winning everything from like
you know I know I can do that by
Counting yellow inspiring to me
especially recently
and I know that it's something I want to
do and I my story is definitely not over
yet I was talking to my coach about it
and we were talking about how it's all
it's this is just a new part of my life
yeah and my baby's going to be in this
stance and hopefully cheering for me and
that crying too much' know you wrote
again a letter to your baby yesterday
that you said you know from the oldest
mommy to the youngest one to the to the
oldest to the youngest I can't wait for
you to get here a lot of people feel
that I saw you about a year ago because
I think about your life story nough
you've had three life-changing things in
a six month time pregnant huge win fell
in love and when I saw you last year
used to I was saying you know how's your
love life down at out you saw I met a
guy he's a nerdy kind of geeky guy you
won't know who he is I said very
membrane you about that yeah it's the
same when you said 11:00 so Hanny I know
yeah yeah he's awesome yeah I would
never put
with a nerdy geek and you me neither I
want to be honest with you I I didn't
either but it's been the best thing for
me the best wanting to that's my like to
believe that does that look like a dirty
crook look at the shirt yeah you know
he's a very nice job now he's into
technology I use a very very very nice
guy I like him very much so how did he
succeed when others have failed how is
he the one that you knew this is the one
for me well I'm not going to say that
but yeah but you know what I mean very
loving and he's very kind and my mom
says he's very considerate and I when
she took said that to me I was like you
know he really is and if the little
things that really make a huge different
line in life something simple on my
fashion company I was that we had asked
we have a show every year so and our
show last year I was running around like
crazy because I do everything for the
show and and everything for it and so I
was running around like crazy and he it
was a simple gesture of this shirt that
he had and he just wanted to make sure
that I had the same one and it was it's
a weird story but it was better in
person
was it a wonderful proposal because or
was it a Beyonce song if you like 'eh
than yatta but a ring on it
are you feeling pressured to get married
did you know it was coming
yeah I actually never felt pressured to
get married and I can't say I'm the
marrying type of person I really am love
my life I love my freedom
I heard that kind of changes but I love
everything that I do and and I love my
career and I always felt like I didn't
want anything to interfere with that
I've actually been so career oriented
and in fact when he proposed I was
almost angry not almost I was angry
because it was right in the middle of my
training season and I said I gotta win
me also an open eye I can't fly to Rome
because you wanted to take me to Rome
and I said I can't I I got a win but
that's how focused I roll it says no I
can't go to Rome okay
but I was really focused on on reaching
my goals and I knew at that point that
there was one player that I wanted to
pass I want to pass Steffi Graf's record
and that really meant a lot to me and
this is when I put my mind to something
I really am determined to reach it no
matter what yeah you know you said that
for you I've heard you say that winning
is addictive to you it is what do you
mean I feel like winning for me is super
addictive I feel like once you
experience it you always want to get
that feeling again and when I won my
first championship I was only 17 years
old but I never forgot that feeling and
I feel like every time I win one I want
to reach that feeling of your first
championship is really no feeling in the
world like yeah and it's like you all
these years of training and being a
little kid and playing and then winning
is this is a wonderful experience
so for me I've always felt like I love
that feeling and then obviously I don't
like the feeling of losing I feel like
no in fact people close to you say
you're a very bad loser I'm not the best
loser that you're very very very very
very badly no champion likes to lose I
get on but they say when it comes to
losing you were very very very bad at
I'm number one I losing to yeah I can
say I'm always curious about that
dynamic between you and Venus because
everybody that knows you want to solve
the story knows that you two are very
close and you always bring your A game
in whatever you do but I often wonder
when you're playing her do you bring
your A - game because you want to do
something for her do you bring your A
plus plus game because you want a
crusher is it harder for you playing her
well he's playing Venus is like playing
myself because we we grew up playing
each other we do a practicing together
and it was something that was it's been
difficult because she's my toughest
opponent she's tall she's fast she hits
hard like me and she serves like me
every it's really like playing a wall
with you and she know she's but she
knows why I'm hitting the ball before I
hit it so it's something that is not
very easy but it's really about when I
go out there I really have to shut down
my mind
to say to myself you know what I'm just
playing a great player but today I have
to be better I don't care who it is if
it's my sister it's my friend
today's the day I have to show up and I
have to be better and I have to want it
more than anyone else at this moment
anywhere on this world so never on the
court do you fall back for Venus because
you know it was always Venus and Serena
yes and now baby sister is surpassed
older sister do you feel guilt about
that do you feel joy in that is that a
difficult position for you I don't feel
anything in that from in my life it's
still and forever is always going to be
Venus and Serena and she's really love
of my life she's my best friend she's my
soulmate I mean there's pictures of her
pushing me really low-quality pictures
are also would have shared survived her
pushing me in a stroller on a tennis
court and she always took care of me as
I used to spend all my allowance money
on the ice cream sauce and stuff and she
would take her money and give it to meet
him at school make sure I had something
to eat and she would go without and
that's the kind of person she actually
is some thought since I've always known
her so we always have this incredible
respect for each other and it's
incredible love and I think it's
important for people to realize you can
be successful where you can still have a
wonderful relationship on the court
we're mortal enemies but the second we
shake hands is is we are best friends
again and you know if I lose it might be
a day later for me but I'm Lina there's
never a time report where you hit the
volunteer that's worth seventh grade
when you did this not a little luck you
never have any moment like that I feel
like she should have those moments she's
never done anything bad to me but I'm
the youngest I'm the younger sister yeah
well you've never done anything bad to
you really I have memories Lister's I
can think of some stuff I've done bad
unless she brainwashed me to Perdition
nobody loves the love you have for her I
know is very pure I know that yes
I know that we were always brought up to
be super close and we are incredibly
close not only her have three other
sisters as well and we were always so
close
but so before a big match the two of you
don't get together and say look we're
going to go out there and well it's
funny before they all shown open you
know we were in the locker room together
and I always pick on our side pulled out
my camera while she was changing I
started taking pictures it was totally
inappropriate but she was so mad at me
just like so and I thought and I was
just laughing at her but that's the kind
of relationships that you have that we
have and like I said the second we step
on the court like it was like we were
definitely mortal enemies but the second
we stepped off in moments before we're
just it is what it is at the end of the
day she'll always be my sister I'm not
going to play Australia and well who
knows I've been playing forever but I
don't think I'll be planning 50 years
personally I know they right now you're
kind of I don't know I don't there's
never been anybody like you when you
think about it
never been anybody who is intersect
gender and race the way you have the
dominance that you have and the scrutiny
that you have and when you were growing
up did you say I want to be like that
because now little girls are looking at
you saying I want to be like that who is
I want to be like that for you
well it's interesting I'm glad you
brought that up for me when I grew up I
always wanted to be the best and I said
if you want to be the best got to
emulate the best so when I started to go
on tour when I was really young I would
see Steffi Graf I would see Monica Seles
and I would even see Pete Sampras and I
would see what they did and I noticed
that Steffi and Monica didn't really
talk to a lot of the other players and
they kind of were on their own and they
were just so focused and I would see
that piece hampers the technique that he
did and not and I was like I want to do
that so I did that and I felt like to be
the best and if you want to be the best
you have to hang around people and you
have to look at people that are the best
because you're not going to be the best
if you're looking at someone that's not
at the top level so that people say
nobody works as hard as you I'm a very
hard worker
oh that's I heard but a lot of people
say oh she's talented she's athletic no
actually I wasn't I was really small for
my age I grew up when I got tall when I
got older and I had to work really hard
and I think that's one of the reasons
why I fight so hard and I work so hard
is because I was really really really
small
and you're no longer small no I wish you
were no longer mental and but I was
small when I was really young for
whatever reason I think Venus maybe ate
all the Wheaties look you know the other
thing people talk about is your body
your body brings men and women to their
knees and a lot of a lot of and I mean
in a good way I mean a good way a lot
has been made about your body it's a
work of art it's masculine it's glorious
it's a there's never been anything like
it
do you have body issues when you were
growing up have you always been
comfortable with your body it's
interesting because when you're a
teenage female growing up in the public
eye it is a lot of scrutiny that you
face and as any female that's a teenager
I definitely was not comfortable in my
body I didn't like it I didn't
understand why I had muscles I didn't
understand what and I stopped lifting
weights those like I'm not going to do
this but then after I won US Open I
realized that my body helped me reach
goals that I wanted to reach and I
wanted to be happy with it and I was so
appreciative of it and I was I'm always
healthy I'm really fortunate and super
blessed and I felt like not only am i
happy with my body but I want other
people and other young girls that have
experienced what I've experienced to be
happy with themselves so whatever people
say masculine whatever too much too
little I'm okay with it as long as I
love myself
I know you learn a lot from winning but
what have you learned from losing I hate
to lose but I think losing has brought
me to here today it's the only reason I
am Who I am is because of my losses and
some of them are extremely painful but I
wouldn't have take any of them away
because every time I lose it takes a
really long time for me to lose again
because I learned so much from it and I
think I encourage like everyone that I
talk to them I listen if you lose or if
something happens not in sports in
business or in school learn from it
don't live in the past live in the
present and don't make the same mistakes
in the future and that's something that
I always try to live by well I know now
you're planning a wedding and I want to
know what should we aware is a
destination wedding in the Catskills or
Poconos or you doing going to do in
Florida what are you thinking Baker's
all we're thinking medium sized what I
want to do to do but then we're like
okay we can't say no to this person this
person so we're thinking medium size and
we're just thinking my personality is a
lot of funnel so you can see that a
little bit today I'm not too serious
and you like today out of fun thing and
the next chapter for Serena Williams is
what Oh next for me and obviously I'm
going to have a baby and I'm going to
stay fit and kind of come back and play
tennis and keep working on my fashion
line that'd be really fun do you know if
it's a boy or girl I don't I have a
feeling of one or the other because okay
so I would bet you 50 cents but I'm
really a unisex name whatever you and
Alexis decide we are cheering you all I
dream awesome you're cheering you on
Dana whoa oh my thank you thank you
thanks
okay